The Joe Rogan experience.
Like I remember the first time I ever met Anthony Bordain, I said, uh,
my wife says, you're my boyfriend. I'm just like,
what the? Because I, my wife used to say, oh,
you're watching your boyfriend on TV.
She would always joke around because I loved that. No reservation show.
So I said that to him, it came out totally wrong, but that's, uh, you know,
he's a guy like really admired and here he is, he's right there.
And you you're all uncomfortable and weird.
And so people are going to be like that with you.
I bet he was so down to.
Earth. Super normal. Yeah. He was great. Yeah.
So was DeNiro. Like I worked with DeNiro though. Yeah. DeNiro. Oh, Joe,
this is the best story. I was at the seller late at night.
And he was there with Taylor Hackford looking. He's a huge director,
married to Helen Mirren. He was the head of the directors Guild, um,
directed Ray and an officer and a gentleman like a huge amount of movies.
And deniera was looking for comics to be in his movie.
And I was doing a set and I do this thing in my act where I turn around and talk
to myself. Um,
my special's called talking to myself where I have an inner dialogue and I'm
like, doesn't matter how this goes. You'll never make it. You know,
like I have a whole back to my back to the audience and,
and he loved it. And I was,
I went to Florida to do an old age community Jewish show.
Yeah. And that Saturday I get a call and it's Taylor Hackford. And he's like,
this is Taylor Hackford. And I'm like, okay. I had no idea who the hell he was.
And he's like, Bob would like to meet with you on Wednesday. And I'm like, Bob,
who? I, no idea.
I'm like Bob, the builder. I had no idea. And he's like Bob DeNiro.
And I'm like, okay. So I'm like, I can make it.
So I walk into the office and I walk in the room and he's sitting
there and I was not star struck. It was the weirdest thing.
Cause he looked like a, just a guy from off the street. Like he had jeans on.
And I don't know, I just, he was like a regular guy to me.
And I sat with him for three hours and I hit it off with him and to make a very
long story short, I ended up being his right-hand person in this movie.
I became, I had a producer credit.
I was in his ear the whole time on a microphone. I,
I taught him how to do stand up.
And he played a comic who had been doing it for 36 years in a movie called the
comedian. I ended up directing some of the scenes. Um,
I mean, it might've been like six years ago. Something like that.
How do I not know about this? Oh, you got it. Yeah. Yeah. That's he and I, yeah,
we became very close.
South comedian gives tips to Robert DeNiro.
He's a, he's an amazing person. He really is cool.
So down to earth, you would think he has the biggest ego. He has no ego.
It can't be that good.
Hey.
I mean to be as good as he is you to have a pretty strong mind. Yeah.
Not. And he, I think like that,
I never was star struck with him. Like I didn't care.
I just sat with him and was like, and we've still very close. And I,
I love him. I really do. Like, he just,
he just doesn't give a. He's so he's so funny. Like he,
he has all these kids. He's like, he's just really amazing. He's really amazing.
His six kids.
Wow.
Yeah. It was one lady or a gang at, you know, a.
Couple of, couple of.
Different, different.
Baby moms. We like talking about women together. Like he's amazing. Yeah.
He just got divorced. I know the second time to same woman. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah. When guys are that old and they get divorced, I'm like,
how bad must it be?
Yeah. For the second time.
When you're like, you want to be alone and you're 78 or whatever it is.
Well, the guy, let me tell you something. He's hot.
He works out every morning at five in the morning with a trainer he's built.
He has tattoos all over him. I mean, I used to sit in a trail. Yeah.
He's tatted up. He's got muscles.
His tattoos all over the place. Now his chest, Jamie find these.
There might be, I mean, there might be photos on it,
but I would sit with him and his trailer. He was getting his makeup done,
but hung out with Harvey Keitel they were all in the movie.
Harvey Keitel Danny DeVito.
And I used to go out to dinner with them at lunch with them every day and,
and harvest like, yo Harvey was like,
I want to take you to lunch and want you to teach me how to do standup.
So I went to lunch with him. I'm like, I am not teaching every old actor now,
but I said to Harvey, why did you, you know, you're Jewish guy from New York.
Why'd you become a Marine. He goes so I could kill people.
That's what he said to me. Whoa. Yeah. He's a tough.
Dude. He might not want you to tell people that.
And he, no, he doesn't give a. He's a mate to Harvey. Keitel is amazing.
I love.
This tough.
Heat. What an actor.
One little tattoo.
But he has more than that. No, he.
Has more than the enemy. He's a hundred years old in this movie. No.
No. He has more than that. On the other arm. He does.
He has more than that for sure.
Like.
Me. No, not like you.
Like you said, it doesn't have any tattoos. Wow. He must've got them after,
but that looks really recently click on that. Robert de Niro at the beach.
Now he doesn't have them. Like you.
Does three years ago. You crazy line. You son.
First of all, you lied about Robert now his tattoos.
Because they might've put more on him for the movie. I'm an idiot,
but he does have.
Them. Okay. They're not real.
No, he has one in that photo.
One little tattoo. Look at that stupid little tiger crawling up his leg.
Seriously. It was after he had makeup done. Maybe they put extra on him.
I don't know. I don't know if they did. Yeah.
How weird though? Did they appear in the movie? The tattoos,
maybe you got to remember.
He did have more tattoos in the movie. He did.
Maybe he got him removed. He.
Did, because he was playing younger. They, they, uh, painted his beard, black,
you know, his black, he had a black mustache and black,
it wasn't gray in the movie. He was like in his sixties, in the movie.
Um, but he was great. And he has no, he has no, uh,
like he's not stuck up or like he's not egotistical.
He's not what youth people would think of you.
As well. He's a real artist amaz. I mean,
if you want to do a film like taxi driver or Cape fear or,
I mean any of the transformative movies, raging bull. I mean,
he was literally the first active decided he's going to gain weight for a movie,
right? No one did that before him. He transformed his literal body.
I mean, he was shredded.
And then he became like really overweight for that movie. Raging bull.
Oh. Want to hear the best story?
The first day of filming was at a deli in Brooklyn and Taylor Hackford didn't
even know that he like hired me to be his right-hand person. So Denise says,
Jessica calls me and he's like, why don't you to come to Brooklyn? Come to the,
to the filming today. I need you to punch up some jokes for me. I'm like,
oh boy, does Taylor know I'm coming? And he's like, I don't care.
I just want you to show up and help me out.
So I show up he's in the middle. I get there a little late because of traffic.
He's in the middle of doing a scene with, uh,
with Danny DeVito and uh,
Patty LuPone who plays Danny DeVito's wife. Right?
So I walk in, do Niro, runs up to me. He goes, I need a joke for this line.
So I give him a joke. So I go wait in the side. And uh,
he says the line and Patty and Danny start hysterically laughing.
So Taylor starts yelling, what the is going on here? We got to get through this.
Why are they laughing? She goes, well, Jessica came in and gave me a joke.
So he comes over and he starts yelling at me.
This is the first day of filming goes. You can't just do this.
You can't just come in here and screw up everything. And DeNiro took his arm.
And he goes, if you ever talk to her, like he starts screaming. I'm like,
what is happening? Where am I?
I'm in the filming with Robert DeNiro. I was just at the seller doing a set,
like what is happening? He goes, don't you ever talk to her like that again?
I mean, that set the tone for the next six months,
because he knew not to talk to me. And like, he set the tone,
like don't ever talk to her and I'm just sitting there like eating a free
condition. Like, where am I what's happening? It was amazing.
Oh, I was treated like gold after that. His temper is,
yeah. You know, I mean, when he yelled my hair blew,
like my hair blew back.
Like.
A lion. He was, yeah. He's uh he's you don't screw with him.
What was Harvey? Keitel leg.
So intense. So what you would think he is,
and he would get enraged before a scene, you know,
like he was a real Meisner act like totally what you would think.
Very charming attract. I mean the three of them together.
Can you imagine going to dinner with Danny DeVito? Harvey Keitel and,
and DeNiro. I mean, it was like unreal and Leslie Mann was in it.
So Judd was around a lot. I mean, it was fun. It was fun.
The entire episode for free, only on Spotify.